README.md, before:

This repo is the code for for *Using Facial Recognition for Selective Pose Detection* 
by William Parker for the Master of Science in Artificial Intelligence 
program at San José State University.

## Instructions:

All work has been done on Ubuntu 22.04 LTS and Python 3.10.12. All other configurations are untested.

1. Create a venv: `python3 -m venv venv`
2. Activate the venv: `source venv/bin/activate`
3. Install all the requirements: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
4. Download the component models `python scripts/download_models.py`
5. Combine the models into a multi-task model: `python scripts/modify_models.py`
6. Download the datasets by following the instructions in: `download_datasets.ipynb`
7. Train the model: TODO

## Project Organization:
- `component_models/`: Holds the original downloads of the separate models. Created by `download_models.py`
- `dataset_folders/`: Holds the datasets needed to be stored locally. 
- `edited_components/`: Holds the modified versions of the component models and the untrained combined model. Created by `modify_models.py`
- `notebooks/`: Holds the notebooks used in development to create the model.
  - `download_models.ipynb`: Downloads the models from the HuggingFace hub.
  - `modify_models.ipynb`: Modifies the models and combines into the multi-task model.
  - `train_model.ipynb`: Trains the model.
- `requirements/`: Holds all the requirements for all of the projects for each component model.
- `scripts/`: Same as `notebooks/` but in script form for easy execution.
- `download_datasets.ipynb`: Installation guide for the datasets.
- `net_adaface.py`: Adaface's `inference.py` file, needed for `modify_models.py`.
- `requirements.txt`: All the requirements for the project.

Commit message:

Refactors AdaFace.
My AdaFace modification did not properly keep the PyTorch structure from the original project. This commit primarily re-writes CustomAdaFace. In addition, I re-organized the files from AdaFace I needed, and commented out the ViTPose deps from requirements.txt as we may be able to get away with it with the new way we use the model and it may have been causing a circular import error in Pytorch Lightning due to so many deps.

README.md, after:

This repo is the code for for *Using Facial Recognition for Selective Pose Detection* 
by William Parker for the Master of Science in Artificial Intelligence 
program at San José State University.

## Instructions:

All work has been done on Ubuntu 22.04 LTS and Python 3.10.12. All other configurations are untested.

1. Create a venv: `python3 -m venv venv`
2. Activate the venv: `source venv/bin/activate`
3. Install all the requirements: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
4. Download the component models `python scripts/download_models.py`
5. Combine the models into a multi-task model: `python scripts/modify_models.py`
6. Download the datasets by following the instructions in: `download_datasets.ipynb`
7. Train the model: TODO

## Project Organization:
- `component_models/`: Holds the original downloads of the separate models. Created by `download_models.py`
- `dataset_folders/`: Holds the datasets needed to be stored locally. 
- `edited_components/`: Holds the modified versions of the component models and the untrained combined model. Created by `modify_models.py`
- `libs/`: Holds individal files from AdaFace that are needed for the project.
- `notebooks/`: Holds the notebooks used in development to create the model.
  - `download_models.ipynb`: Downloads the models from the HuggingFace hub.
  - `modify_models.ipynb`: Modifies the models and combines into the multi-task model.
  - `train_model.ipynb`: Trains the model.
- `requirements/`: Holds all the requirements for all of the projects for each component model.
- `scripts/`: Same as `notebooks/` but in script form for easy execution.
- `download_datasets.ipynb`: Installation guide for the datasets.
- `requirements.txt`: All the requirements for the project.
